Hello and welcome to Fractal Model 23.3. This is the update to the Fractal Model for Q1 of 2023. We are really excited about the updates to this version. Three main updates. The first one is an improved optimization engine. This is when you input a price forecast, could be 5, 10, 20, even 40 years. But we have an improved optimization engine that is a little bit faster and produces better results. Second update is new pricing as far as CapEx and OpEx. We're taking what we see in the market and giving you the approximate cost for putting in projects. And finally, the Fractal Map has some exciting improvements. We now have the ability to run the Fractal Model using historical prices. So I'll show you in a little bit, but you can click around with some historical prices. Let's get started. As you know, the Fractal Model is a techno-economic model that does standalone storage, SolarPlus storage, both AC coupled and DC coupled. It could do things like WinPlus storage, and it can do things like WinPlus SolarPlus storage. Let's take a quick pass through the Fractal Model and I'll show you the updates. In the Inputs tab, this is where you put in the CapEx and OpEx in this price calculator estimator is where we've updated the prices. So this reflects what we're seeing in the market for different CODs. So 2024 will have different estimates than 2025, as will different sizes of projects. And then we've also updated the OpEx section to include what we're seeing in the market for things like insurance, software costs, O&M, and auxiliary costs. In the System Design, this is where you can change the physics of the system. Also gives you a really good idea of what the sizing should be in order to deliver a certain amount of power and energy to the POI. And then also the very useful Peak Ox Load Calculator. As always, we continue to improve our degradation curves depending on the type of chemistry you use and then how it's being used as far as throughput, average SOC, depth of discharge. We are changing the degradation curve and that in turn affects the revenue for the project. If it is a combined project, then we have solar, we have wind inputs, and also load so that you could do the analysis in a combined fashion. If you would like to run sensitivities, this tab allows you to change things like escalators and merchant tails. As you approach optimizing a project, one of the steps is to input your price forecast. Here you see that we have 20 years of price forecast and you can put in anything that you have from day ahead energy to real-time prices, ancillaries. And if you're brave enough, you can even put in 15-minute real-time prices. Once you've set up all those things, we are now ready to run the fractal model and to run the optimization. It's as simple as clicking Get Schedule. And after a few seconds, you have the optimized schedule.